Camilla: I think the sound is most clearly coming from this suitcase.

Goldeen: Seems to be Monty’s suitcase…

Goldeen: Open it, flight attendant.

Lorelei: Of course, ma’am…

*zip sfx*

*Bomb shows up on screen with the max volume of ticking*

Lorelei: (It’s… real…)

*flashback to Danny and Lorelei's first meeting*

Danny: In the cargo hold I have hidden a bomb.

Lorelei: (N-No way…)

Danny: Motive? well that’s a simple one: When my country was at war with Zheng Fa, the Baggins family played a big part in providing firearms… but only for the people of Zheng 
Fa…

*maybe you can write some more lore here idk I think you would be able to do it better*

Danny: So look at this as an act of revenge… As well as a political statement. 

I am sending the people of Zheng Fa the message… that the war is not over.

*fade back to bomb*

Lorelei: (Danny isn’t just some serial killer… he’s a terrorist who intends to blow up this plane.)

(The only way to diffuse this bomb is with a passcode… but it’s futile… Danny didn’t tell me what the code is… we’re all going to die.)

Camilla: Please don’t tell me that is what I think it is.

Goldeen: …

Camilla: Lorelei.

Lorelei: Y-Yes?!

Camilla: Do you know anything about this?

You don’t seem that surprised.

Lorelei: Ah… I’m just uh… speechless to be honest, Ma’am.

I have no idea how something like this could’ve got on the plane…

(I know exactly how! Danny abused his role as a flight attendant!)

Camilla: 30 minutes… that’s no time at all…

Camilla: If we hadn’t spent so much time arguing…

Goldeen: Hmmm. Look. There seems to be another note attached to it.

Camilla: Y-You’re right. Let me read it.

“Dear Baggins family.

So, was I right? Are you quite displeased?

Of course, you are! This a bomb threat. And in case you are having any doubts… I assure you that this is a very real one.

Well, I don’t know exactly how much time you have left when you’re reading this note, but regardless I’ll be gracious and keep it brief. 

Though you may find it unfairly contrived, the answer to this riddle is simple if you want to survive.

Recall the day my tie was shivved, though now I might be dead or alive. 

Yours sincerely, The Killer.”

Camilla: This one is even more cryptic than the last.

And the rhyming… it’s like it was written by a child who just learnt about poetry for the first time.

Goldeen: Well, if nothing else, we should explain the situation to the others.

*fade in and out to plane area*

*Bentley appears looking sad*

Ben: M-Mum…

Goldeen: Bently, what is it?

Bentley: I-It’s dad…

BAM! (Cg of Norman freaking dead here.)

Goldeen: N-Norman… no…!

*Camilla drops phone sprite*

Camilla: You… You’ve got to be kidding. When will this sick game end…

Goldeen: Theo! What happened?! I told you to watch them…

Theo: I’m sorry ma’am there was nothing I could do.

Scion: Seems to be the same poison used to kill Lilian… Their symptoms were pretty much identical. He became dizzy started coughing and then-

Goldeen: Spare me the details Miss Scion!... he was my husband.

Scion: (So now you know what it feels like…)

Goldeen: The flight attendant! Theo… you were watching them the entire time, weren’t you?

Theo: Yes ma’am… they didn’t do anything…

Goldeen: …

Goldeen: But Theo… you said that you gave the poisoned glasses to Monty and Lilian… how?

Theo: I… am sorry ma’am.

Theo: I didn’t want to make you panic.

Godeen: T-Theo.

Theo: Please understand ma’am. Mr Baggins… your husband… he was going to die anyway… there’s nothing we could have done… even with Miss Scion here… I felt this was the easiest way. 

Goldeen: … 

Goldeen: Of course… you could never have taken the chance with poisoning Monty… you’ve known us both since we were kids… and it’s not like you could’ve anticipated him dying anyway…

Theo: Yes ma’am… please… please forgive me.

Goldeen: I’m not certain I can forgive you Theo… Not for something like this… but… I do understand why you did it.

Theo: …

(So Monty wasn’t poisoned after all… Norman was… he probably died later because of his larger body mass compared to Lilian. Should I be thankful for the other killer after all, then? For killing Monty…)

Camilla: Sorry to brush Norman’s death off like this… but I’m afraid we have a more pressing matter to worry about right now.

Theo: Oh yes…. The cargo hold… did you find something?

Camilla: …

Lorelei: We found a bomb.

Theo: !

Riley: A… WHAT?!

N-No… that can’t mean… WE’RE ALL GOING TO DIE?!

Goldeen: SHUT UP!

Goldeen: I… We can’t die… Me Camilla and Bentely… we’re the only Baggins left…

If we die… our legacy… everything we’ve worked hard for.

Camilla: You’re really worried about our legacy right now, mother?! What about our lives?!

Theo: Please! Everyone calm down. 

Theo: There must be a way to diffuse the bomb. I… have limited knowledge of these types of things…

Let me look.
 
Theo: Hmmmm, this not like any I have seen before,,, it’s very homemade… constructed with dynamite…

And what appears to be a keypad attached?

It is likely that it requires a passkey to diffuse. 

Camilla: That’s what I was thinking as well.

But all we have as clue for what it could be, is another cryptic riddle that was attached to the bomb. 

Theo: I see…

Theo: “Recall the day my tie was shivved… though now I may be dead or alive.”

Theo: Well, shivved refers to being cut with a knife… but I don’t know what this “tie” could be, whether figurative or literal…

Camilla: And the line “dead or alive” does that suggest that whoever’s tie was cut… could be one of the people already dead. Monty, Lilian, or Norman?

Camilla: Norman’s tie seems to be intact if we were to consider the literal meaning, and we have no way of knowing about Monty…

Theo: Perhaps they mean the tie between us and the world of the living. Today’s date perhaps?

Camilla: But that’s assuming the person’s tie is definitely one of the people who were killed, when the note is clearly saying that the day applies to someone who could be dead or alive.

Camila: Wait… this note is written from the perspective killer… could they be talking about their own “tie”?

Camilla: But why would Monty, Lilian or Norman commit suicide?

Lorelei: (This riddle is a little more tricky, but is still solvable.)

Lorelei: (The answer is…)

*ask the player to input an answer*

Camilla: I’ve got it!

Theo: R-really?

Camilla: Yes… “the day my tie was shivved…” I think they’re referring to an umbilical cord that is cut when someone is born!

So the answer must be the killer's birthday!

Theo: I see… that would make sense…

But that seems to be only one part of the riddle Camilla.

As we still need to figure out who the killer is. 

*suspense music*

Goldeen: Well, nothing has changed!

Goldeen: It’s obviously that blue-haired flight attendant. They had the bottle of poison on their person, they had the opportunity to poison the drinks and they had a keycard!

???: I wouldn’t be so sure about that, Goldeen.

*Scion appears*

Scion: Whoever this killer is… Riley is the obvious answer, but that’s too easy. That’s probably the conclusion the killer wants us to make!

Goldeen: You’re just overcomplicating things. You can seriously think that we should just disregard the obvious culprit!

Scion: Well, we only have one shot at this,,, so we might as well make it count. If we put in Riley’s birthday and we’re wrong. We’ll be blown to smithereens.

Goldeen: … 

Camilla: I agree. We still have around 20 minutes left that we shouldn’t waste. This is enough time to come up with a solid conclusion.

Scion: I’m glad you agree Camilla.

Scion: You are quite smart… one might say… too smart. 

Camilla: Excuse me…?

You’re not insinuating…

Scion: You’re the killer!

~ Rose Guns Days - Shall we dance? ~

Camilla: You idiot! Of course it’s not me!

I’m the one who has been trying to solve all the riddles.

Scion: And suspicious, isn’t it? That you’ve solved each one.

Camilla: … 

Goldeen: How dare you accuse my daughter, you bitch! I won’t stand for this…

Scion: Consider it revenge.

You people called me an outsider before.

But oh, what’s this? Me and the flight attendants… and Camilla, Goldeen, Bentley and the Butler. Seems like there’s an equal amount of outsiders and Baggins left on this plane.

Scion: So you can’t can’t gang up on me anymore!

Lorelei: (Miss Scion… I didn’t expect this from you…)

Camilla: But how, and why? I have no motive, there’s no evidence. Evidence means everything!

Scion: In a court of law perhaps… but does this look like a court to you?

Camilla: This is stupid!

By accusing me like this you’re just wasting time.

Scion: Then why don’t you just confess so we get this over with already.

Camilla: Fine… I’ll expose your lies. But don’t say I didn’t warn you.

~ Rebuttal 3 ~

~ Camilla’s Logic ~

Statement 1: Me, kill three people and then plant a bomb? You’re tripping.

Statement 2: Why would I enact such a convoluted plan, if I was just going to blow up everyone at the end anyway?! 

Statement 3: Doing something like this would jeoparadise my career as a lawyer, that I’ve worked so hard for. 

Statement 4: And finally I have no bloody motive, so shut the hell up!

Lorelei: (I never thought that Camilla would be accused of the crime…)

(I think I can incriminate her also… and drag this out for no reason.)

(No… I need to play along… I know that we’re all going to die anyway… but what if…)

(Hmmm? Danny… he seems concerned about something…)

Pssst Danny. What is it?

Danny: …

Danny: It’s strange… I set that bomb to explode 2 and a half hours into the flight… but it’s only been one hour… and we have 20 minutes left…

Lorelei: (W-what?)

Danny: Ah… I must’ve just put it in wrong… human error…

Lorelei: (How could you make such a mistake…)

*present Camilla’s profile on statement 4*

Lorelei: No motive?

Lorelei: That seems to be where a lot of our accusations have fallen short until now.

Lorelei: But feel free to correct me if I am wrong ma’am… you hate this family.

Camilla: ?!

Lorelei: Being on your phone all the time and refusing to talk to them…

Lorelei: It seems you have the most convincing motive out of everyone.

Camilla: . . .

I-I’ll admit that… well no, to put it bluntly I despise my family.

Goldeen: … 

Camilla: My mother cheating on my father… for love? No… for a man that she was only using for financial gain… it makes me sick.

Camilla: Her, Lilian, Monty… they’re all selfish assholes who only care about money. 

Camilla: This family reunion… was just to talk about money after all. With Monty trying to scam Norman into investing in more dead-end businesses… And mother planned to talk to Monty more about her fair share of grandfather’s inheritance…

Camilla: But just because I despise them… that doesn’t mean I’d want to kill them… they are still my family after all… especially Ben! He’s done nothing wrong…

Scion: …

Scion: You’re right Camilla… I apologise… I… don’t think you would do that, seriously. I just got mad. 

Camilla: Miss Scion… I hate to say it but I believe you as well. Your love for my aunt seemed genuine… I don’t think you would kill her. 

Camilla: I was just being insenstive… I guess I’m one to talk when I say my family sucks…

Theo: So… Are we all in agreement?

Camilla: …Yes.

Scion: I think so.

Goldeen: it’s the only logical conclusion.

Goldeen: You are the killer Riley!

Riley: I- No! Please!

I understand why you are all accusing me but… IF YOU PUT MY BIRTHDAY INTO THAT BOMB WE’RE ALL GOING TO DIE!

Just give me another chance to defend myself please…

Camilla: There’s not enough… 

Goldeen: So, be quick with it… when is your birthday?

Riley: … 

Riley: It’s March 5th… 2003. 

Camilla: So 050303? Is that what we’re going with? It’s the standard numerical layout for birthdays.

*everyone says their final words here but I can’t think of anything good right now*

Theo: I have lived a good life… I wouldn’t want to change anything.

Theo: Mirtha… I served your family until the very end… I hope that my service satisfied you..

Scion: Lilian… why… why did this have to happen… it’s so horrible… horrible…

Just to see you smile one last time… I would do anything anything… no lady… no woman such as you deserved to die in such an awful way…

Riley: …

Ben: …

Goldeen: Ben… hold my hand…

Lorelei: (So this is it… it’s over…) 

(Even if they had guessed that Danny was the culprit behind the bomb and put in his birthday… it wouldn’t have diffused it…)

(The code is something completely different. He just did this all for fun… to mess with them… )

Danny: …

Lorelei: (Danny has a glint in his eye… like a child at Christmas… this is what he’s been waiting for.)

(Maybe it’s better that it ends like this… I mean I got what I wanted… Monty and Lilian are dead…)

(I thought that it would fix my life… but has it? I don’t really feel any different.)

(If I got out of this alive… Would I have really been able to get away with it? Would I have been able to live with the guilt?)

(Am I really any better than them?)

(Was murder the right choice?)

(Maybe… it’s me… I’m the problem.)

(Maybe me dying now is the only true way to end my anxiety. Maybe… this is how it’s supposed to be.)

*Pendant shows up on screen*

(Mother… I’ll see you soon… won’t I?)

(I know I’ve let my rage get the best of me… But I hope you can forgive me…)

*CG of a code being inputted*
 
…

PASSWORD SET

?

Camilla: H-Huh? 

PLEASE ENTER THE PASSWORD TO RESUME COUNTDOWN.

……………………………………………………………………………………………………………

Everyone: W-WHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHAt?


*transition screen*
